---
title: Code A 2
layout: post
author: ben.stallard
permalink: /code-a-2/
source-id: 1jNh9McLdIOk7KsnVZdUlU-0d1q9oFLAQqk9Hce0gfrA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Code academy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>2/5/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>9 percent of Code Academy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be  get on with the topic</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I managed to get much further in the Python course</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I started off by reading the instruction  then applying them and as I  got to know python a bit more I started doing on my own work without the hints and I thought that helped develop my skills alot. I am now working alot quicker and also if I struggle with some of the harder codes my friend next to me who is similar ability works together with me to find a solution

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today nothing really limited my learning as I wasn't distracted and I tried to get on as quickly and as effectively as I could go. I think it was a very productive lesson.
Also on my website I have changed the layout. I am experimenting with various colours and seeing which ones are nice together.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will work the same and try to do as much as I can without getting anything wrong. But also do some at home to help remember what I have learnt to apply it to next week.

I need to remember to close the squiggly brackets because I forget and then I have to go back on github and edit it again.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


