---
title: Code A3
layout: post
author: ben.stallard
permalink: /code-a3/
source-id: 1Uq7y-0DQPF0nG5hs8N0nzmB7X6u5Cw-U-56YLJ1Lo7Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Code academy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>9/5/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>18 percent</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be  able to get on with the topic</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I managed to get much further in the Python course</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I feel I got to on well with the Code Academy as it was simple and quite easy to learn especially in the form we are doing which is python , I worked strategically through the puzzles that I faced if i found a problem difficult I would use the hint option in the bottom left of the interface this is an extra clue that you could be missing in your code and it is very helpful

</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today nothing really limited my learning as I wasn't distracted and I tried to get on as quickly and as effectively as I could go. I think it was a very productive lesson.
Also on my website I have changed the layout again I am trying to find the best contrasting colours</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will work the same and try to do as much as I can without getting anything wrong. But also do some at home to help remember what I have learnt to apply it to next week. I will try finish the course as one of the first people. I need to work rapidly but accurately.

</td>
  </tr>
</table>


